Authorized API Server IP Ranges (#4)
mspnp/aks-secure-baseline: 05-aks-cluster.md

   TARGET_VNET_RESOURCE_ID=$(az deployment group show -g rg-enterprise-networking-spokes -n spoke-BU0001A0008 --query properties.outputs.clusterVnetResourceId.value -o tsv)
   ```

1. Deploy the cluster ARM template.  

>   It is possible to restrict the ips, from where the kubernetes API server is accessed, by setting the clusterAuthorizedIPRanges parameter. By default, it has full access by all ips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  :exclamation: By default, this deployment will allow unrestricted access to your cluster's API Server.  You can limit access to the API Server to a set of well-known IP addresses (i.,e. your hub firewall IP, bastion subnet, build agents, or any other networks you'll administer the cluster from) by setting the `clusterAuthorizedIPRanges` parameter in all deployment options.
```
